Added the pointer that Private Link is also supported in Enterprise a… (#105639)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-cache-for-redis/cache-network-isolation.md

### Advantages of Private Link

> - Supported on Basic, Standard,Premium, Enterprise and Enterprise Flash tiered Azure Cache for Redis instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Supported on Basic, Standard, Premium, Enterprise and Enterprise Flash tiers of Azure Cache for Redis instances.
```
